README.md, before:

# Star Trek Adventures 2nd Edition (UNOFFICIAL)
An ***UNOFFICIAL*** implementation of Star Trek Adventures Roleplaying Game (2nd Edition) for Foundry VTT

## Special Thanks
- [Mike Schoen](https://github.com/mkscho63/sta) for the original implementation of STA for Foundry VTT
- [FabulistVtt](https://github.com/FabulistVtt/sta-lcars-ui) for the fancy LCARS CSS module for STA & Foundry VTT
- Modiphius for creating Star Trek Adventures

![A screenshot showing what the STA2E system looks like](https://github.com/ELH-mk1/sta2e/blob/main/STA2E-Foundry.jpg?raw=true)

## FAQ

**How do I install this?**
- [Use this link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ELH-mk1/sta2e/master/src/system.json) when inputting the Manifest URL at the bottom of the *Install System* window in Foundry

**Is this System out yet?**
- The STA 2E Core Rulebook PDF is now available to those that have pre-ordered the physical copy. Actual sale of the PDF is projected to begin early August 2024. You can get your own copy by visiting either the [US Store](https://modiphius.us/collections/star-trek-adventures-tabletop-rpg/products/star-trek-adventures-the-roleplaying-game-second-edition-core-rulebook) or the [UK Store](https://modiphius.net/collections/star-trek-adventures/products/star-trek-adventures-the-roleplaying-game-second-edition-core-rulebook)

**How does this system work?**
- If you're familiar with the 1st Edition implementation of STA, then you already know 90% of how to get things to work. If you're not, I encourage you to play around a bit before giving me a poke on Discord. I (*elhmk1*) can be found in the Official Modiphius Discord as well as the Foundry VTT one.

**What's different from Mike Schoen's existing system implementation?**
- Specifically...
  - This system ***ONLY*** supports STA 2E and is not designed for use in 1E games
  - A different stylesheet based on FabulistVtt's module
  - The Complication Range input has been changed to an easy-to-understand slider
  - Modularity with Weapon Damage rather than forcing auto-calculations
  - And more!
  
**What's changed from the 1st Edition of STA?**
- Specifically...
  - Challenge Dice have been removed from the system completely. There may be some lingering files from the 1st Edition Implementation but they are not used.
  - Determination now turns the first die in the dice pool to a Critical Success (1) rather than adding a whole new die to the dice pool
  - Character Stress is now based on Fitness unless a Talent specifies otherwise. There is also now a Maximum Stress Modifier field for further tweaking
  - There is also now a Maximum Shield Modifier field for tweaking Starship sheets
  - There is now a Dedicated Focus option when rolling
  - Ships no longer track Power. They now have a singular metacurrency known as "Reserve Power" that you either have or you don't
  - Weapons now display the tags selected in their item container when rolling
  - The Momentum/Threat Tracker will stop disappearing off-screen when minimized
  - And much more!

**What Languages does this support?**
- At the moment, there are language files for Spanish, German, French, and Portuguese. Most of those translations came from the original STA 1E system (see above), while any new additions were translated using DeepL.

**I have found an issue! How do I report it?**
- Report it here on Github or give me a poke in Discord. Make sure to include as much detail as possible so I can help narrow down what's gone wrong! That said, I might not be able to fix things depending on how involved the error is due to my inexperience in coding.

**Can you include [X] in future releases?**
- I know *just* enough coding to have made all the changes to Mike Schoen's work for this implementation. Chances are you might know more than I do about implementing whatever it is you're after!

**How much does this cost?**
- This is entirely free! That said, if you'd like to support me, consider [becoming a Patreon Supporter](https://www.patreon.com/ELHmk1)!

Commit message:

v1.0.4
Adds Reputation rolling, Starship System Destroyed functionality, and adjusts the Talent/Special Ability name checking

README.md, after:

# Star Trek Adventures 2nd Edition (UNOFFICIAL)
An ***UNOFFICIAL*** implementation of Star Trek Adventures Roleplaying Game (2nd Edition) for Foundry VTT

## Special Thanks
- [Mike Schoen](https://github.com/mkscho63/sta) for the original implementation of STA for Foundry VTT
- [FabulistVtt](https://github.com/FabulistVtt/sta-lcars-ui) for the fancy LCARS CSS module for STA & Foundry VTT
- [Maxim-Alexandre Lalancette](https://github.com/malalancette) for coming up with the Starship System Destroyed Functionality
- Modiphius for creating Star Trek Adventures

![A screenshot showing what the STA2E system looks like](https://github.com/ELH-mk1/sta2e/blob/main/STA2E-Foundry.jpg?raw=true)

## FAQ

**How do I install this?**
- [Use this link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ELH-mk1/sta2e/master/src/system.json) when inputting the Manifest URL at the bottom of the *Install System* window in Foundry

**Is this System out yet?**
- The STA 2E Core Rulebook is now available in both Physical and PDF form! You can get your own copy by visiting either the [US Store](https://modiphius.us/collections/star-trek-adventures-tabletop-rpg/products/star-trek-adventures-the-roleplaying-game-second-edition-core-rulebook) or the [UK Store](https://modiphius.net/collections/star-trek-adventures/products/star-trek-adventures-the-roleplaying-game-second-edition-core-rulebook)

**How does this system work?**
- If you're familiar with the 1st Edition implementation of STA, then you already know 90% of how to get things to work. If you're not, I encourage you to play around a bit before giving me a poke on Discord. I (*elhmk1*) can be found in the Official Modiphius Discord as well as the Foundry VTT one.

**What's different from Mike Schoen's existing system implementation?**
- Specifically...
  - This system ***ONLY*** supports STA 2E and is not designed for use in 1E games
  - A different stylesheet based on FabulistVtt's module
  - The Complication Range input has been changed to an easy-to-understand slider
  - Modularity with Weapon Damage rather than forcing auto-calculations
  - Reputation Rolls straight from the sheet
  - Extended Task Breakthrough marking
  - Starship System Destroyed functionality
  - And more!
  
**What's changed from the 1st Edition of STA?**
- Specifically...
  - Challenge Dice have been removed from the system completely. There may be some lingering files from the 1st Edition Implementation but they are not used.
  - Determination now turns the first die in the dice pool to a Critical Success (1) rather than adding a whole new die to the dice pool
  - Character Stress is now based on Fitness unless a Talent specifies otherwise. There is also now a Maximum Stress Modifier field for further tweaking
  - There is also now a Maximum Shield Modifier field for tweaking Starship sheets
  - There is now a Dedicated Focus option when rolling
  - Ships no longer track Power. They now have a singular metacurrency known as "Reserve Power" that you either have or you don't
  - Weapons now display the tags selected in their item container when rolling
  - The Momentum/Threat Tracker will stop disappearing off-screen when minimized
  - And much more!

**What Languages does this support?**
- At the moment, there are language files for Spanish, German, French, and Portuguese. Most of those translations came from the original STA 1E system (see above), while any new additions were translated using DeepL.

**I have found an issue! How do I report it?**
- Report it here on Github or give me a poke in Discord. Make sure to include as much detail as possible so I can help narrow down what's gone wrong! That said, I might not be able to fix things depending on how involved the error is due to my inexperience in coding.

**Can you include [X] in future releases?**
- I know *just* enough coding to have made all the changes to Mike Schoen's work for this implementation. Chances are you might know more than I do about implementing whatever it is you're after!

**How much does this cost?**
- This is entirely free! That said, if you'd like to support me, consider [becoming a Patreon Supporter](https://www.patreon.com/ELHmk1)!
